Documentation: Phase two of the hipSPARSELt docs refresh (#246)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/hipSPARSELt: docs/conceptual/mi300-features.rst

**********************************************************************

> 

Reviewer: Title above should be more explicit. 
Perhaps: 
**hipSPARSELt features for Instinct MI300 series**

hipSPARSELt provides hardware acceleration support for sparse matrix multiplication operations

> on AMD MI300 devices using SMFMA (Sparse Matrix Fused Multiply Add) matrix instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on AMD Instinct MI300 series accelerators using SMFMA (Sparse Matrix Fused Multiply Add) matrix instructions.
```

For hardware-accelerated sparse-dense matrix operations, the following conditions apply:

*  One matrix must be structurally sparse. Two out of every four elements on the K axis must be zero.
*  The other matrix must be dense.
*  The output matrix serves as the accumulation (destination) matrix.
*  The sparse indexes determine which two elements out of every four are non-zero, where for each index pair,
   ``index0 < index1`` and ``index0 != index1``.

Data types and precision

> ========================

Reviewer: Next line:
While the Instinct MI300 series supports multiple data types

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Input/output type
      - Library data type
      - Hardware acceleration in hipSPARSELt

    * - float16
      - ``HIP_R_16F``
      - ✅

    * - bfloat16
      - ``HIP_R_16BF``
      - ✅

    * - int8
      - ``HIP_R_8I``
      - ✅

.. note::

>    While the MI300 hardware supports additional formats like ``FP8`` (E4M3 and E5M2) and ``BF8``, these are not currently
>    enabled at the library level for hardware acceleration.
>    All floating-point operations accumulate in ``float32``, while integer operations accumulate in ``int32``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While the Instinct MI300 series supports additional formats such as ``FP8`` (E4M3 and E5M2) and ``BF8``, these are not currently
   enabled at the library level for hardware acceleration.
   All floating-point operations accumulate in ``float32``, while integer operations accumulate in ``int32``.
```

The complete process involves several steps:

> #.  Initialize the matrix descriptors and matmul descriptor.

Reviewer: is matmul single or plural?

Author: It is singular here.

hipSPARSELt supports multiple types of batched operations, which provide support for
MI300 hardware acceleration:

> 

Reviewer: does this look right?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a357c142-635f-4047-897a-e7c07073cc19)

Reviewer: There are other examples like this above it

Author: This is acceptable C++ notation for a function that is passed to a function.
